ai_configs                 museum_entries           
ai_curations               museum_exhibition_entries
ai_inspirations            museum_exhibitions       
ai_matches                 museum_interactions      
ai_replies                 museum_items             
ai_usage_logs              museum_reactions         
analytics_metrics          museum_submissions       
analytics_reports          museum_tags              
cloud_letters              notification_batches     
cloud_personas             notification_preferences 
content_violation_records  notifications            
courier_tasks              op_code_applications     
couriers                   op_code_areas            
credit_cart_items          op_code_permissions      
credit_carts               op_code_schools          
credit_limit_rules         op_codes                 
credit_redemptions         performance_metrics      
credit_risk_users          scan_events              
credit_rules               scheduled_tasks          
credit_shop_categories     sensitive_words          
credit_shop_configs        status_logs              
credit_shop_products       storage_configs          
credit_transactions        storage_files            
email_logs                 storage_operations       
email_templates            system_analytics         
envelope_designs           task_executions          
envelope_orders            task_templates           
envelope_votes             task_workers             
envelopes                  user_achievements        
fraud_detection_logs       user_analytics           
letter_codes               user_credit_actions      
letter_likes               user_credits             
letter_photos              user_daily_usages        
letter_shares              user_levels              
letter_templates           user_privacy_settings    
letters                    user_profiles            
level_upgrade_requests     user_profiles_extended   
moderation_queues          user_redemption_histories
moderation_records         user_stats               
moderation_rules           users                    
moderation_stats           v_opcode_full            
museum_collections         v_school_opcode_stats    
